Some of the most popular programming languages are Java, C, C++, Python, C#, PHP, Ruby and others.

1. Java

Both C# and Java are class-based object-oriented programming languages.
The Java primitive types are special in that they are not object-oriented
and they could not have been defined using the language itself.
C# has a unified type system in which all types ultimately derive from a common root type.
Consequently, all types implement the methods of this root type,
and extension methods defined for the object type apply to all types,
even primitive int literals and delegates.
This allows C# to support objects with encapsulation that are not reference types.

2. C

C is an imperative (procedural) language. It was designed to be compiled using a relatively
straightforward compiler, to provide low-level access to memory, to provide language constructs
that map efficiently to machine instructions, and to require minimal run-time support.
C was therefore useful for many applications that had formerly been coded in assembly language,
such as in system programming.

3. C++

C++ is a general-purpose programming language. It has imperative, object-oriented and generic
programming features, while also providing the facilities for low-level memory manipulation.
C++ derived from C but it is object-oriented as well and includes classes.
It is also standardized by ISO.

4. Python

Python is easy to learn, it is good for cross platform development,
and it has availability of open source libraries.
C# is better than Python in: standard library, language features, development process and tools,
performance, language evolution speed.

5. PHP

PHP is a scripting language designed for web development. It is on the server-side.
The difference between PHP and C# is that PHP is dynamic and interpreted while C# is static.
Another big difference is that PHP is not OO and also it does not support threading.

6. Ruby

Ruby is a dynamic, reflective, object-oriented, general-purpose programming language.
Ruby on Rails websites don’t usually have service layers, nor do they have explicit data access
layers in the form that you see in C#, such as the repository pattern. The controllers tend to
interact directly with the model, and without interfaces.